
 Apple reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time.
It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.
 You may not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content,
 This Site may contain links to other independent third-party Web sites ("Linked Sites").
These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors.
Such Linked Sites are not under Apple’s control, and Apple is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites.

 Apple reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site, or any portion of the Site, for any reason.
(2) to modify or change the Site, or any portion of the Site, and any applicable policies or terms.
and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site, or any portion of the Site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.</p>
 You agree to indemnify and hold Apple, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against Apple by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site.
 You agree that Apple may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site.
 <p>You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site, including all disputes, will be governed by the laws of the United States and by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.
 You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Santa Clara County, California, and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue.
