
 Effective date: May 21, 2021</em>
Effective date: May 21, 2021
</em>
 These Terms of Service include an agreement to resolve any disputes through binding arbitration that includes a class action waiver, as well as important disclaimers, warranties and limitations on liability.</strong>
These Terms of Service include an agreement to resolve any disputes through binding arbitration that includes a class action waiver, as well as important disclaimers, warranties and limitations on liability.
These Terms of Service include an agreement to resolve any disputes through binding arbitration
</strong>
We reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to make changes to how we operate and provide our Services, including adding new services, modifying existing services, or suspending, discontinuing, or terminating your access to any or all portions of our Services.

 You are 18 years of age or older</li>

You are 18 years of age or older
You are 18 years of age or older
</li>
 You must keep your password confidential, you must not share it and you may not allow anyone else to log into our Services as you.
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your member account.
You must keep your password confidential, you must not share it and you may not allow anyone else to log into our Services as you.
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your member account.
If you decide to register, you’re pinky swearing that you’re a U.S.
adult, you are who you say you are and you won’t let anyone else use your account.
</p
I understand that I am providing written instructions in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act and other applicable law for Credit Karma or its affiliated companies to request and receive copies of consumer reports, scores and other information about me from third parties, including, but not limited to, TransUnion and Equifax.
I understand that my instructions let Credit Karma and affiliated companies obtain such information at any time for as long as I have a registered Credit Karma account to use as described in the Terms of Service and Privacy State
 As described in our Privacy Statement, we may use your credit report, credit score, and other information we obtain to analyze, sort, and present certain information or features to you.</p>
As described in our Privacy Statement, we may use your credit report, credit score, and other information we obtain to analyze, sort, and present certain information or features to you.
</p>
We do not guarantee that the information we present as part of our Services, including credit report or credit score information, is the same information that may be used or reviewed by a third party to assess your creditworthiness or eligibility for any particular product or service or for employment.
</p>
You must comply with all applicable laws when using our Services.
We do not control, maintain, or endorse the Third Party Content or Third Party Services, and we are not responsible or liable for any Third Party Content or Third Party Services, including any damages, losses, failures, or problems caused by, related to, or arising from Third Party Content or Third Party Services.
Your interactions and business dealings with the providers of the Third Party Content or Third Party Services, including products or services offered by such third parties, are solely between you and the third party.
We are not responsible for any information that you agree to share with third parties in connection with Third Party Content or Third Party Services.
</p>

Summary

<p>
 We might show you stuff from other companies or even connect you with them, but we’re not legally responsible for anything they do.
You should review their terms and policies separately.
We might show you stuff from other companies or even connect you with them, but we’re not legally responsible for anything they do.
You should review their terms and policies separately.
We might show you stuff from other companies or even connect you with them, but we’re not legally responsible for anything they do
You will defend (if requested by any Credit Karma Party), indemnify, and hold harmless the Credit Karma Parties from and against any and all claims, losses, expenses, demands, or liabilities, including attorneys’ fees and costs, incurred by the Credit Karma Parties in connection with any claim by a third party arising out of or in any way related to: (1) your use of our Services, our Content or the Community Content.
(2) your violation or alleged violation of the Agreement or your violation or alleged violation of any applicable law
YOU AND CREDIT KARMA ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
