
The Service is only available to individuals aged 13 years or older
 B.
Devices and Accounts.&nbsp;</b>Use of the Service may require compatible devices, Internet access, and certain software (fees may apply).
may require periodic updates.
and may be affected by the performance of these factors.
Apple reserves the right to limit the number of Accounts that may be created from a device and the number of devices associated with an Account.
The latest version of required software may be required for certain transactions or features.
You agree that meeting these requirements is your responsibility.&nbsp;</p>

Apple reserves the right at any time to modify this Agreement and to impose new or additional terms or conditions on your use of the Service, provided that Apple will give you 30 days’ advance notice of any material adverse change to the Service or applicable terms of service, unless it would not be reasonable to do so due to circumstances arising from legal, regulatory, or governmental action.
 
To provide such features or services, where available, Apple and its partners and licensors must collect, use, transmit, process and maintain your location data, including but not limited to the geographic location of your device
J.
Two-Factor Authentication and Autodialed Calls/Texts.&nbsp;
</b>
If you choose to enable Two-Factor Authentication for your Apple ID, you consent to (a) provide Apple at least one telephone number.
and (b) receive autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages from Apple at any of the telephone numbers provided.&nbsp;We may place such calls or texts to (i) help keep your Account secure when signing in.
(ii) help you access your Account when you’ve forgotten your password.
or (iii) as otherwise necessary to service your Account or enforce this Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you.
</p
 Removal of Content</b>
</p>
<p>You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible or liable in any way for any Content provided by others and has no duty to screen such Content.
However, Apple reserves the right at all times to determine whether Content is appropriate and in compliance with this Agreement, and may screen, move, refuse, modify and/or remove Content at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, if such Content is found to be in violation of this Agreement or is otherwise objectionable.
 You acknowledge and agree that Apple may, without liability to you, access, use, preserve and/or disclose your Account information and Content to law enforcement authorities, government officials, and/or a third party, as Apple believes is reasonably necessary or appropriate
Except for material we may license to you, Apple does not claim ownership of the materials and/or Content you submit or make available on the Service.
 <p>You may delete your Apple ID and/or stop using the Service at any time.
Apple will be permitted to terminate only after giving you 30 days’ notice and only if you have not cured the breach within such 30-day period.
 Apple will delete information and data stored in or as a part of your account(s)
Certain Content, components or features of the Service may include materials from third parties and/or hyperlinks to other web sites, resources or Content.
Because Apple may have no control over such third party sites and/or materials, you acknowledge and agree that Apple is not responsible for the availability of such sites or resources, and does not endorse or warrant the accuracy of any such sites or resources, and shall in no way be liable or responsible for any Content, advertising, products or materials on or available from such sites or resources
 You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Apple, its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, partners, contractors, and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by a third party, relating to or arising from: (a) any Content you submit, post, transmit, or otherwise make available through the Service.
(b) your use of the Service.
(c) any violation by you of this Agreement.
(d) any action taken by Apple as part of its investigation of a suspected violation of this Agreement or as a result of its finding or decision that a violation of this Agreement has occurred.
or (e) your violation of any rights of another.
this Agreement and the relationship between you and Apple shall be governed by the laws of the State of California
The failure of Apple to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
 Last revised: September 19, 2019
Last revised: September 19, 2019
Last revised: September 19, 2019
Last revised: September 19, 2019
